Smart Contracts documentation (interpreter1) (#34)
archethic-foundation/archethic-docs: docs/build/smart-contracts/reference/triggers.md

---
id: triggers
title: Smart Contracts - Triggers
sidebar_label: Triggers
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Triggers
### Contract triggered by a transaction

:::tip
To trigger a SC execution, the incoming transaction must add the SC address in the `recipients` part of the transaction.  

> This allow to activate a SC without sending funds to it, or to send funds to it without activating the code execution. As the `recipients` field is a list, you can trigger multiple contract in the same transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows to activate a SC without sending funds to it, or to send funds to it without activating the code execution. As the `recipients` field is a list, you can trigger multiple contracts in the same transaction
```
